[Instrumentation.Runtime] Reword README.md (#558)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Runtime/README.md

### Step 2: Enable runtime instrumentation

Runtime instrumentation should be enabled at application startup using the

> `AddRuntimeInstrumentation` extension:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AddRuntimeInstrumentation` extension on `MeterProviderBuilder`:
```

### Step 2: Enable runtime instrumentation

> Runtime instrumentation should be enabled at application startup.

Reviewer: you can keep this doc very simple by explaining the extension method and linking to the examples. Does not have to deal with asp.net core vs others here.

Author: I realized that the doc for [OpenTelemetry.Extensions.Hosting](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/tree/main/src/OpenTelemetry.Extensions.Hosting) doesn't have any info on the `AddOpenTelemetryMetrics` extension, or how to configure metrics on ASP.NET Core applications.

Instead, I can only find it in the README of [Prometheus Exporter AspNetCore](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/main/src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.AspNetCore/README.md#step-2-configure-opentelemetry-meterprovider).

Author: Perhaps it's better to deal with the asp.net core vs others in the read me  of OpenTelemetry.Extensions.Hosting.

Reviewer: yes. Its not the concern of this runtime instrumentation that other components are not well documented.

Refer to [Program.cs](../../examples/runtime-instrumentation/Program.cs) for a
complete demo.

Additionally, this examples sets up the OpenTelemetry Prometheus exporter, which
requires adding the package

> [`OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/main/src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus/README.md)

Reviewer: this is a dead link

> [`OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/main/src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.AspNetCore/README.md)

Reviewer: use httplistener one as this example seems to be just console app, and not asp.net core

Author: I updated the link and the text. However we don't have the `OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.HttpListener` NuGet package yet. I'll probably keep the package name until we release a new package later.

Author: https://www.nuget.org/packages?q=+OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus

  Occurs when an exception is thrown in managed code, before the runtime searches
  the call stack for an exception handler in the application domain.

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: I'd suggest keeping the section.
We can add quick notes about.
if a metric is missing, review the doc to see if the metric is available in .NET version you are running.
also mention those metrics which are only available after GC has be completed atleast once?

## Troubleshooting

> If a metric is missing, review the doc to see if the metric is available in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a metric is missing, review the [list of metrics](#Metrics) to see if the metric is available in the
```
